[Docs] Created Style Guide for Linkfree Docs (#6820)
EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree: pages/docs/docs-style-guide.mdx

## Clarity

### Active vs. Passive

1. Remember how your writing instructor has often discouraged you from writing in the passive voice? Well, we need to make sure that contributors fully understand how to contribute to Linkfree, so it would be best to use active voice when working on our documentation.

   **Example:** 
    - **Not this:** Gitpod **was** an open-source application that provides a prebuilt development environment in your browser - powered by VS Code.
    - **Use this:** Gitpod **is** an open-source application that provides a prebuilt development environment in your browser - powered by VS Code.

### Jargon

1. Since members of EddieHub tend to be new to open-source contributions, it would be best to use technical jargon sporadically so that they can gain a better understanding of how to contribute to Linkfree.

   **Example:** 
    - **Not this:** Gitpod **was** an open-source application that provides a prebuilt development environment in your browser - powered by VS Code.
    - **Use this:** Gitpod **is** an open-source application that provides a prebuilt development environment in your browser - powered by VS Code.

## Accessibility

### Bullet points

> 1. Avoid describing things only by their colour or position.

Reviewer: What do you think of adding this here?
 ```suggestion
1. Avoid describing things by their color or position, instead use hyperlinks or figure numbers.
```

Author: > What do you think of adding this here?

The statement that occurs after the comment is ok. As far as changing "colour" to "color", Eddie and co wanted the Doc to be written in British English so I'll keep the term as is.
